README.md, before:

<p align="center">
  <a href="" rel="noopener">
  <img width="200px" height="200px" src="Docs/img/logo.jpg" alt="Project logo"></a>
</p>

<h3 align="center">Cogworks Examine Tweaks</h3>

<div align="center">

[![Project Code](https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=&message=Cogworks.Examine.Tweaks&color=lightgray&style=flat-square)]() [![Version](https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=&message=version&color=informational&style=flat-square)](https://github.com/thecogworks/Cogworks.Examine.Tweaks/releases) [![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-4c9182.svg)](LICENSE.md)

</div>

---

<details open="open">
<summary>Table of Contents</summary>

- [About](#about)
- [Getting Started](#getting_started)
- [Deployment](#deployment)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Changelog](#changelog)
- [Built Using](#built_using)
- [Architecture](#architecture)
- [Diagrams](#diagrams)
- [Notes](#notes)

</details>

## About <a name = "about"></a>

Write about 1-2 paragraphs describing the purpose of your project.

## Getting Started <a name = "getting_started"></a>

These instructions will get you a copy of the project up and running on your local machine for development and testing purposes.

See instructions for [Backend](Source/README.md) setup.

See [deployment](#deployment) for notes on how to deploy the project on a live system.

## Usage <a name="usage"></a>

Add notes about how to use the system.

## Changelog <a name = "changelog"></a>

All notable changes to this project can be found in [CHANGELOG.md](CHANGELOG.md).

## Built Using <a name = "built_using"></a>

- [Umbraco](https://umbraco.com/) - CMS
- [GitHub Actions](https://docs.github.com/en/free-pro-team@latest/actions) - DevOps and changelog generator

## Architecture <a name = "architecture"></a>

All the information about architecture can be found in [Architecture.md](Docs/Architecture.md).

## Diagrams <a name = "diagrams"></a>

All the information about diagrams can be found in [Diagrams.md](Docs/Diagrams.md).

## Notes <a name = "notes"></a>

- Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit.
- Ut enim ad minim veniam, quis nostrud exercitation ullamco laboris nisi ut aliquip ex ea commodo consequat.
- Sed do eiusmod tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua.

Commit message:

docs: added information about deployment

README.md, after:

<p align="center">
  <a href="" rel="noopener">
  <img width="200px" height="200px" src="Docs/img/logo.jpg" alt="Project logo"></a>
</p>

<h3 align="center">Cogworks Examine Tweaks</h3>

<div align="center">

[![Project Code](https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=&message=Cogworks.Examine.Tweaks&color=lightgray&style=flat-square)]() [![Version](https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=&message=version&color=informational&style=flat-square)](https://github.com/thecogworks/Cogworks.Examine.Tweaks/releases) [![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-4c9182.svg)](LICENSE.md)

</div>

---

<details open="open">
<summary>Table of Contents</summary>

- [About](#about)
- [Getting Started](#getting_started)
- [Deployment](#deployment)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Changelog](#changelog)
- [Built Using](#built_using)

</details>

## About <a name = "about"></a>

Write about 1-2 paragraphs describing the purpose of your project.

## Getting Started <a name = "getting_started"></a>

These instructions will get you a copy of the project up and running on your local machine for development and testing purposes.

See instructions for [Backend](Source/README.md) setup.

See [deployment](#deployment) for notes on how to deploy the project on a live system.

## Usage <a name="usage"></a>


## Deployment <a name = "deployment"></a>

All the information required for the proper project deployments are located inside of the [README.md](Docs/Deployment.md) file in the [Docs](Docs/) directory. Please go there if you're about to perform any new release of the project.

## Changelog <a name = "changelog"></a>

All notable changes to this project can be found in [CHANGELOG.md](CHANGELOG.md).

## Built Using <a name = "built_using"></a>

- [Umbraco](https://umbraco.com/) - CMS
- [GitHub Actions](https://docs.github.com/en/free-pro-team@latest/actions) - DevOps and changelog generator
